hey guys how are you my head looks
really big right now I'm sorry uh yeah
so I'm in like my bathroom and stuff and
it's it's kind of weird so yeah I'll
just go with that whatever I'm gonna
film this so yeah I got my hair cut I'm
not I like this side more than this huh
like I don't know you tell me oh and I
got my brows done like if I mean I've
had them done before but like the shape
change they're like small now yeah and
yeah like I have like another inch of
eye shadow space which I'm like yes like
hooray like why I have all this color
and you pack it on your lid and you're
like oh okay that's the only space I
have on my eye this is not fun so yeah I
have more space to work with which is
fun and yeah so what's up with my face
right I was actually going to film a
tutorial for this look but it kind of
got dark really quickly like weights
around than I expected so I figured I'd
just kind of like walk you through it
does that make sense yeah because you
know like Christmas and New Year's
around the corner everyone like everyone
even the people that like never posted
auras are like yay Christmas tutorial
candy can't like I've seen like 40 candy
cane tutorials hello it's enough candy
cane eyes um but yeah just in case I
want to contribute something and I wore
this look to my school's dance last
night you just called the snow ball
Anthony and it fit my office perfectly
and I actually got some compliments on
like from like people that would never
normally comment on my makeup I'm sorry
my lip gloss is just like okay better so
yeah it kind of it kind of worked out so
I just thought I'd share with you in
case you have like a dance
snowball thing or like a holiday party
or just like or if you're just feeling
festive for the holidays
yeah so that's this look and I guess
this kind of walk you through in I'm not
really sure I don't believe a plan yeah
alright so first I took NYX jumbo pencil
and I just put that all on the whole eye
and then I carried it out to about here
like my Hannah to create this like yeah
this little shape here and then what did
I do and then I took this shadow that's
sky-blue and this is electric eel I took
those two shadows I took I put sky-blue
just on the lid give that perfect baby
blue because my shirt was like maybe
blue and then a little bit of a electric
eel on the crease just for some depth
and then I took my love I took this I
love this this is whatever this is the
four shimmering white Aspen summit
whatever I put that all over the lid
especially on the brow bone and putting
this on top of white will give you that
like perfect winter snow look on your on
your eye or on your face so yeah and I
also put that on the inner corners and I
kind of dabbed it on top of the baby
blue to make it even more shimmery ah
love and then I line my eyes with a
black gel liner pretty simple and then I
put a silver liquid liner on top of that
figure that look I was gonna put on
mascara but instead I took the silver
liquid liner this little guy right here
and I kind of just brushed it onto my
eyelashes so yeah and then I took some
of Mac's mixing medium put some down the
back of my hand and added this yes
this one right here reflects pearl
glitter and dab that carefully because
the stuff will burn your face like burn
your eyes don't get it in your eyes
please dab it on the eyelid and kind of
pretty much all over the eye and also up
on here and with that white base it kind
of sticks to it and gives it this goober
pretty shimmery winter thing I don't
now and then I also took that on the
cheeks but under the cheeks under the
cheeks on the cheeks I have firm proper
blush and then just like a light pink
whatever contribute the cheeks and the
focus but then I'd add the glitter all
over them to get that and on the lips I
don't even
I guess I'll explain I took snob which
is just like a cool toned pink because I
thought if it was like the whole cool
toned winter theme and then English
accents same color as the lipstick but
it's a gloss to get paths I didn't want
the lips to be glittery but everything
else is glittery so I had to tone it
down somewhere right so yeah that is the
look yeah have fun with it if you want
to do something similar or just take
this tip if I have one holiday tip give
some glitter put it on your face it'll
just it just adds that instant like BAM
it's holiday time you know just for
anything parties like I don't even know
for anything you want um yeah well the
eyes cheeks it just adds that snow fairy
princess just yeah perfection yeah so
get some glitter in your life so yeah
this was a really weird video I'm sorry
I hope it was helpful so yeah I actually
want your guy's opinion on this I plan
on getting things myself and hopefully
receiving certain things because this
makeup related that is and like one I
want to share them with you guys but I
know people get and ruin they're like
don't post everything you got for
Christmas it's so rude like you know but
it's like I want to show you the
products I'm not I'm not like going on
her to brown you'd be like look what I
got no I want to share them with you
which I mean if everything works out I
should have some nice stuff to share but
I want to let I want to ask you guys
first so yeah if you guys are interested
I definitely well have some hall review
type things shortly after Christmas but
if not just let me know all right so
that is my crazy video I hope I hope you
liked it tell me if you like using
glitter for the holidays if you had did
a similar look for a dance or something
tell them back down below tell me what
you're planning on doing for Christmas
yeah talk about the holidays I don't
care write it down below that's all for
now guys bye